---
title: coolDEVOPS DNA
next_section: what-is-crisp.html
---
h1. What is this?

This site is an "open-source":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_source site describing how cooldevops works and why. 

We are not to first to implement this type of DNA. We owe big thanks to "Crisp":https://www.crisp.se for writing and open-source their DNA. It helped us a lot. Instead of writing from scratch we adapted theirs keeping the spirit of the DNA. But adapt it to our deviating details.

"coolDEVOPS":https://www.cooldevops.com is a consulting company based in Brussels, Belgium. But we aren't a very typical consulting company. For example:

This is a fork of the  Crisp DNA. We deleted parts that were not relevant to us. We edited some parts to fit our DNA. But main of all we kept the spirit of the DNA.

As we're not as mature as Crisp we have deleted big chunks. When we grow we hope to develop our own strand of DNA.

h2. Driving principles

(these principles drive almost everything at Crisp)

We're quite aligned with the principles of Crisp. So we use them as base to start.

* Striving to find happiness in our job. Which compares to the same principles as crisp.
* Consultants tend to be lone wolves
* Work on projects alone or in team
* Cut out the middle man
* Have a network with competences
* Learn from each other
* Start new collaborations

Hopefully when we grow this sections will mature. Our goal is to review this each time when someone new starts.

h2. Core structure and practices

(although these are core to our model, they are mostly just consequences of the principles above)

* "Happiness index":happiness-index.html - how do we know if we are succeeding?
* "Ownership model":ownership-model.html - how do people become owners, and what ownership actually means?
* "Economic model":economic-model.html - how does money flow through the system?
* "How we make decisions":decisions.html - how do decisions get made when there is no manager?
* "Recruiting":recruiting.html - how do new people get in?
* "Communication":communication.html - how do we collaborate, sync, and improve?
* "Our business":our-business.html - what type of work we do
* "Visions":visions.html - How to you get a bunch of autonomous consultants to agree on a vision? Answer: have several :o)

h2. Supporting practices

(relevant stuff, but not core to our model)

* "Brand building":brand-building.html - how do we build the brand, both coolDevops and personal brands?

h2. Meta

We kept this verbatim. As for the moment we think forking from the orignal is better.

* "How to clone the Crisp DNA":how-to-copy.html




