---
title: Recruitment
prev_section: decisions.html
next_section: communication.html
---

h1. Recruitment - how we grow

h2. We are in no hurry to grow

We don't actively recruit consultants. There's no economic incentive to do so, and each new addition makes coolDevOps a bit more anonymous, a bit less personal, and a bit harder to coordinate.

h2. Hire awesome people, or don't hire at all

Worth repeating: *hire awesome people, or don't hire at all!*
That's what "makes our model work":why-this-works.html. 

h2. Who gets to join

We don't have an HR department or recruiters, so there's not much bandwidth or interest to headhunt people.

We're small and are open to like minded people. 

Our minimum bar is:
# Do we like to work with you?
# Are you inspired by our values?

bq. Do you want to work with us? Don't hesitate to contact us.

h2. What kind of people do fit at coolDevops?

We value builders. People that want to create something. Or even improve existing creations. We value common traits:

* *Self-confident* - they know that they are highly skilled and in high demand.
* *Adventurous* - a few months without an assignment isn't the end of the world, it's an opportunity to play around and learn new stuff!
* *Social* - they like to maintain a strong network and collaborate with people. Some of us are introverts, but still kind of social :o)
* *Curious* - want to learn new things, every day. Love geeking out on new technologies, processes, etc.
* *Generous* - like to share what they learn, not primarily for profit but because it's fun and rewarding in itself.
* *Responsible* - they're used to taking responsibility for their own goals and actions, and don't wait for others to tell them what to do or solve their problems.

Of course, not everyone at coolDevOps has all these traits. But this is typically the type of person who is attracted to Crisp.

h2. What's the recruitment process?

Small company simple process. Try to contact someone who already works at coolDevOps. If he's interested and wants to introduce you. You will meet everyone and we'll use our "Decision model":decisions.html, to decide if you can join.

h2. How does on-boarding work?

Welcome! You'll need to sign our team contract, and create your own personal company (if you don't already have one). Formally you'll be employed by your company, not coolDevOps. We'll help you get started.

Congrats, you are now your own manager! Be nice. 

We will also go for dinner at a nice restaurant, setup your email account and all that jazz, like most other companies. And we'll proudly display you on our "site":https://www.cooldevops.com/team of course!
